[Content] The Avgi - Atomic Space Dragonflies, In Space (#9172)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/kahet/aberrant outfits.txt

# Copyright (c) 2023 by Azure
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

# Weapons:

> outfit "Aberrant Spiker"

Reviewer: 400 speed, so fast ships can probably outrun them as long as they're not trying to do anything else.
12000 effective range is probably excessively long.
Ammo presumably lasts for 60 seconds (60 ammo capacity, 1 sec reload) - towards the upper end for homing weapons. Although as far as I can see you haven't made this actually use anything as ammunition yet.
During that time, this 15 ton weapon is putting out 1000 DPS, giving it almost double the Finisher's DPS per ton.

If this is supposed to be ammo limited, you need to add the ammo requirement and the damage needs to go down. If it's not, the damage needs to go down a lot.

	category "Secondary Weapons"
	licenses
		"Twilight Guard"
	cost 1370000
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"mass" 6
	"outfit space" -15
	"weapon capacity" -15
	"gun ports" -1
	"nettle capacity" 60
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/aberrant spike"
			"frame rate" 24
			"scale" 0.5
			"rewind"
		sound "finisher"
		icon "icon/finisher"
		"fire effect" "sidewinder fire"
		"fire effect" "speckle fire"
		"inaccuracy" 2.4
		"reload" 60
		"firing energy" 6
		"firing heat" 3
		"velocity" 6
		"lifetime" 1800
		"acceleration" 0.6
		"drag" .09
		"turn" 3
		"homing" 3
		"optical tracking" 0.8
		"hit force" 300
		"hull damage" 1000
		"shield damage" 1000
		"missile strength" 12

> 	description "Spikes grow on the backs of many Aberrant variants, usually made of a variety of materials, both metallic and mineral and nature. This device appears to allow an Aberrant to launch these spikes as an offensive weapon, but just how they are able to guide and propel themselves through space is a mystery that a superficial examination of this outfit does not reveal."

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I've edited the suggested comment.

> outfit "Nucleolysis Beam"

Reviewer: Nearly 1000 effective hull DPS from a 23 ton weapon is too much, especially for a weapon that also does a considerable amount of fuel damage. The low shield damage is somewhat of a downside in many cases, but I think this weapon with these stats would be far too strong if used with disruption.

	category "Guns"
	cost 1800000
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"flotsam sprite" "outfit/unknown"
	"mass" 29
	"outfit space" -23
	"weapon capacity" -23
	"flotsam chance" 0.5
	"unplunderable" 1
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/nucleolysis beam"
			"frame rate" 15
		sound "fire-lance"
		"hit effect" "acuit hit"
		"inaccuracy" .2
		"velocity" 380
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 4.2
		"firing heat" 1.5
		"shield damage" 0.8
		"hull damage" 1.6
		"heat damage" -9.1
		"fuel damage" 0.9
		"corrosion damage" 0.15
	description "This beam weapon creates a field inside which otherwise stable atomic nuclei rapidly decay. This effect seems to be inversely proportional to the mass of the nucleus, causing isotopes like deuterium to break down at a higher rate than heavier elements. As the resultant products have a higher energy state than the original nucleus, the beam cools its target, defying conventional thermodynamics."
	description "In practice, this beam can deplete a ship's deuterium fuel while causing the very matter of its hull to decay."

> outfit "Telescopic Antimissile"

Reviewer: Fires more slowly and with weaker shots than the PDT, sits between the Wanderer AM and the Warder in terms of the tradeoff between AM strength and rate of fire with the same 120 AM/sec as both.
The extremely long range is a strength, and makes this AM very difficult to defeat by having a single missile cross its full range without being shot down, but it's no help against being overwhelmed by missiles fired faster than the AM can shoot them down, or against missiles fired from close-mid ranges.
Overall, I think this is a well-balanced outfit.

	plural "Anomalous Masses"
	category "Special"
	cost 900000
	thumbnail "outfit/anomalous mass"
	"flotsam sprite" "effect/anomalous mass flotsam"
	"flotsam chance" 0.5
	"mass" 2.72
	"outfit space" -1
	"heat generation" 0.07
	"drag" 0.02
	"inertia reduction" 0.001
	"unplunderable" 1

> 	description "Found with widely varying properties in different mechanisms of an Aberration, this mass of fleshy yet crystalline material is characterized by the very difficulty of classifying it. Webs of anomalous material embedded in the mass seems not to be composed of atomic matter as the Avgi know it, but by something entirely different, which resists any attempts to probe its makeup. This are thought to enable many of the Aberrants' more baffling abilities, for lack of any other explanation."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Found with widely varying properties in different mechanisms of an Aberration, this mass of fleshy yet crystalline material is characterized by the very difficulty of classifying it. Webs of anomalous material embedded in the mass seem not to be composed of atomic matter as the Avgi know it, but by something entirely different, which resists any attempts to probe its makeup. This is thought to enable many of the Aberrants' more baffling abilities, for lack of any other explanation."
```
